[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So the first thing you
want to do is on step ten that's
where we left off with the controllers.
We just need to hook up the routes so
if we go to the API and go to the routes,
all these routes are here, but
they don't have their crud on them.
Right so they need stuff like .get and
then we need to be able to call
the controllers that we already have here
and represent the appropriate functions.
So for example I'm just gonna
walk through one right now.
So this is the category route.
So on a get request to/API/category,
I want to run the,
>> Speaker 1: controller.get method.
And I get controller up here
because I say var controller equals
require the category
controller.
>> Speaker 2: You typed request there.
>> Speaker 1: Thanks.
>> Speaker 1: So now I can
run controller.get which if you go
look at the controller is right here.
That's why we exported these, so
that we can require them here.
And then we'll do the same thing for
all the other routes.